Blacklist Indicator with Trend Micro Apex from Microsoft Teams (#249)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Blacklist_Indicators_with_Trend_Micro_Apex_from_Microsoft_Teams/help.md

# Description

This workflow blacklists or unblacklists indicators with Trend Micro Apex via Microsoft Teams command and reports information back.

> Indicators supported in this workflow are SHA1 hashes and IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicators supported in this workflow are SHA-1 hashes and IP addresses.
```
